src/content/_README.md, before:


# Hey there!


If you are here is because you want to add your story to this compendium. Make sure to read the following so we can keep collaborating in this project all together :)


## Rules

Before you do there are some rules you'll need to follow so we keep this resource useful for everyone:

1. **Give advice**. Even though your story may or may not  be overall positive or good, make sure to end with a personal reflection or advice. This is why people come to visit
2. **Keep self promotion to a minimum**. We are all engineers and we build cool stuff, but we are not advertising ourselves or our work here, we want to share knowledge to the ones that don't know. That is *incoming college students* or people wanting to know more about what is studying CS is all about. 
3. **Keep a relaxed respectful language**. I don't think that you need bad words to share an important life experience when writing it. So lets keep it chill and family friendly.
4. **OPTIONAL (and probably recommended): Stay anonymous**. I know the repo in Github is public, but is different to share your student number, full name, or even your teacher's names on the deployed site. Don't overshare and focus on the message you are trying to communicate.


## Share your story

Let me tell you how...


> **Important note** This is an Astro project, and the management of posts works through [Content Collections](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/). I recommend that if you are not familiar with Astro or writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) check the links in this blockquote ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  





To contribute to this repository you'll need to follow these next steps:

1. create a MarkDown file inside the `/posts` directory
   1. NOTE: Give it a creative title so people want click on your post
2. In the fontmatter section (the block in the `.md` contained by `---`) Add the following attributes as you see in the example below:

```yml
title: "The Power Of React Hooks"
publishedAt: 24-05-2024
description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur et ultrices blandit neque ege"
slug: "the-power-of-react-hooks"
```

(feel free to copy and paste)
```yml
title: ""
publishedAt: //dd-mmm-yyyy
description: ""
slug: ""
```

3. After you copy add the information about your post. Exit the fontmatter block and start writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) format.
4. After you are done writing, create a pull request to the `main` branch in Github and tag the creator of the repo [@Jdelbarcogarza](https://github.com/Jdelbarcogarza) as a reviewer for your PR. **Do note, I'll review your "code" but also I'll read your story. This is what it's all about :)**

Finally, if I merge your PR you'll receive a notification through your Github's email, and you'll have officially contributed to an Open Source Project.

Look for your post on the deployed site https://csreview.pages.dev/


### Happy coding & story writing ✨

Commit message:

Added forking step on ReadMe file

src/content/_README.md, after:


# Hey there!


If you are here is because you want to add your story to this compendium. Make sure to read the following so we can keep collaborating in this project all together :)


## Rules

Before you do there are some rules you'll need to follow so we keep this resource useful for everyone:

1. **Give advice**. Even though your story may or may not  be overall positive or good, make sure to end with a personal reflection or advice. This is why people come to visit
2. **Keep self promotion to a minimum**. We are all engineers and we build cool stuff, but we are not advertising ourselves or our work here, we want to share knowledge to the ones that don't know. That is *incoming college students* or people wanting to know more about what is studying CS is all about. 
3. **Keep a relaxed respectful language**. I don't think that you need bad words to share an important life experience when writing it. So lets keep it chill and family friendly.
4. **OPTIONAL (and probably recommended): Stay anonymous**. I know the repo in Github is public, but is different to share your student number, full name, or even your teacher's names on the deployed site. Don't overshare and focus on the message you are trying to communicate.


## Share your story

Let me tell you how...


> **Important note** This is an Astro project, and the management of posts works through [Content Collections](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/). I recommend that if you are not familiar with Astro or writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) check the links in this blockquote ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  





To contribute to this repository you'll need to follow these next steps:

1. The first step is to fork the repository, and after this clone it
2. Create a MarkDown file inside the `/posts` directory
   1. NOTE: Give it a creative title so people want click on your post
3. In the fontmatter section (the block in the `.md` contained by `---`) Add the following attributes as you see in the example below:

```yml
title: "The Power Of React Hooks"
publishedAt: 24-05-2024
description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur et ultrices blandit neque ege"
slug: "the-power-of-react-hooks"
```

(feel free to copy and paste)
```yml
title: ""
publishedAt: //dd-mmm-yyyy
description: ""
slug: ""
```

4. After you copy add the information about your post. Exit the fontmatter block and start writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) format.
5. After you are done writing, create a pull request to the `main` branch in Github and tag the creator of the repo [@Jdelbarcogarza](https://github.com/Jdelbarcogarza) as a reviewer for your PR. **Do note, I'll review your "code" but also I'll read your story. This is what it's all about :)**

Finally, if I merge your PR you'll receive a notification through your Github's email, and you'll have officially contributed to an Open Source Project.

Look for your post on the deployed site https://csreview.pages.dev/


### Happy coding & story writing ✨
